time to fight roxas so I'm going to be
showing you all the organization data
forms hell yeah so Roxas number 13 this
fights me sees no bad basically what I
did was I am I hadn't played the game
for a month or so I went back to
thinking okay I better record it
blocking against him is really good if
you know when to block because it can
just something quite easily but I was
quite happy with how this went I think
this is a good run I recommend when you
have a moment like that using high
potions to cure this is really handy and
I potions are really used to obtain so
use high potions more than anything else
you can screw you over i'm going to say
can't um there is a move later on which
I didn't actually get in this we're
basically he summons keyblades and you
can take them from him and you can
pretty much destroy this like final form
but more powerful I think it's really
good be out i whistle this health down
quite a bit in that
moment I was quite happy
that way
and it was all down to whether or not I
could combo him again because I just
needed like pretty much one major combo
with with limit for will do it oh I was
really happy with how to send it it was
just a clean finish bro boo gotta know
what your moves are so you can attack
him successfully but it was pretty sweet
I was quite happy with that so that's
Roxas um I think got quite lucky there
but he's not that bad I also recommend
being level 99 and the highest level in
the wheel forms